/*

explain instance variable? in java

Instance Variable in Java:
An instance variable is a variable that is declared inside a class but outside of any method, constructor or block
Instance variables are also known as object variables or instance data members.
Each instance of a class has its own copy of the instance variable.
They are used to store the state of an object

explain class variable? in java

Class Variable in Java:
A class variable is a variable that is declared with the static keyword inside a class but outside of any method, constructor or block
Class variables are also known as static variables.
There is only one copy of a class variable, regardless of how many instances of the class exist.
They are used to store data that is shared among all instances of the class

explain static variable? in java

Static Variable in Java:
A static variable is a variable that is declared with the static keyword inside a class but outside of any method, constructor or block
Static variables are also known as class variables.
There is only one copy of a static variable, regardless of how many instances of the class exist.
They are used to store data that is shared among all instances of the class


explain non static variable? in Java 

Non-Static Variable in Java:
A non-static variable is a variable that is declared inside a class but outside
of any method, constructor or block without the static keyword
Non-static variables are also known as instance variables.
Each instance of a class has its own copy of the non-static variable.
They are used to store the state of an object

what is the use of constructor in java
Constructor is a special method in Java that is used to initialize objects
It is called when an object of a class is created
Constructors are used to set the initial values of object's fields
They are called before the object is used
example:
class MyClass {
  int x;
    // Constructor
    MyClass(int y) {
        x = y;
    }
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        MyClass obj = new MyClass(5); // Constructor is called here
        System.out.println(obj.x); // Output: 5
    }
}

*/